Some default.nix arguments (#32)
nixpkgs-architecture/simple-package-paths: README.md

[interactions]: #interactions

- `nix edit` is unaffected, since it uses a packages `meta.position` to get the file to edit.
- `git blame` locally and on GitHub is unaffected, since it follows file renames properly.
- A commonly recommended way of building package directories in nixpkgs is to use `nix-build -E 'with import <nixpkgs> {}; callPackage pkgs/applications/misc/hello {}'`.
  Since the path changes `pkg-fun.nix` is now used, this becomes like `nix-build -E 'with import <nixpkgs> {}; callPackage pkgs/unit/he/hello/pkg-fun.nix {}'`, which is harder for users.

>   However, calling a path like this is an anti-pattern anyways, because it doesn't use the correct nixpkgs version and it doesn't use the correct argument overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  However, calling a path like this is an anti-pattern anyway, because it doesn't use the correct nixpkgs version and it doesn't use the correct argument overrides.
```

  - Doesn't have its main benefits in this case:
    - Removing the need to specify the file name in expressions, but this does not apply because this file will be imported automatically by the code that replaces definitions from `all-packages.nix`.
    - Removing the need to specify the file name on the command line, but this does not apply because a package function must be imported into an expression before it can be used, making `nix build -f pkgs/unit/hell/hello` equally broken regardless of file name.

>   - Not using `default.nix` frees up `default.nix` for a short expression that is actually buildable, e.g. `(import ../..).hello`, although at that point it might better be auto-generated or implicit in the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Not using `default.nix` frees up `default.nix` for a short expression that is actually buildable, e.g. `(import ../.. {}).hello`, although we don't yet have a use case for this that isn't covered by `nix-build ../.. -A $attrname`.
  - Using `default.nix` would tempt users to invoke `nix-build .` whereas making package functions auto-callable is a known anti-pattern as it duplicates the defaults.
```
